Fix deploying on OpenShift 4.x (#26)
che-incubator/che-workspace-operator: README.md

docker build -t quay.io/che-incubator/che-workspace-controller:7.1.0 -f ./build/Dockerfile .
```

### Run controller within Kubernetes cluster
```bash
# 1. Install CRDs
kubectl apply -f ./deploy/crds
# 2. Create che-workspace-controller which will hosts controller
kubectl create namespace che-workspace-controller
# 3. Deploy Plugin Registry
# [!MANUAL_ACTION]: Make sure that the right domain is set in `./deploy/controller_config.yaml` and `./deploy/registry/local/ingress.yaml`
kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local
kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local/k8s
# 4. Generate certificates for Webhook server by executing
./deploy/webhook-server-certs/deploy-webhook-server-certs.sh kubectl
# 5. Deploy Controller itself
# [OPTIONAL MANUAL ACTION] Modify ./deploy/controller.yaml and put your docker image and pull policy there.
kubectl apply -f ./deploy
```

### Run controller within OpenShift cluster
> It requires Docker with internet available from containers.<br>
> It you did `crc setup` - probably internet is not available from Docker.<br>

> > It's needed to configure right DNS for Docker, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The operator requires internet access from containers to work. By default, `crc setup` may not provision this, so it's necessary to configure DNS for Docker:
```

> ```/etc/docker/daemon.json
> {
>   "dns": ["192.168.0.1"]
> }

> > ```

Reviewer: This doesn't render the filename in GH markdown,
```suggestion
> ```
> # /etc/docker/daemon.json
> {
>   "dns": ["192.168.0.1"]
> }
> ```
```
